1a Kids first, it’s a organization that helps kids after school with homework and participle in recreational activities.
1b Help people get a better understanding of kids first organization.
1c pitying the people in the organization , making it to hard to understand and to complicated, driving people away from kid start.
2a To have a professional looking page making sure to have its fun parts that kids will like but also help with getting grant money or attract people to the organization.
2b To be able to find the stuff you need for the users needs. If you are a college looking to sign up that you don’t have to look through the whole website to find it.
2c If you are looking for something specific you don’t have to spend all your time searching for it on the site.
3a anyone looking for more knowledge of kids first, teens looking to join or parents looking for information for ther3e children 
 3b What services that each of them are looking for.
3c If you are looking to get  more information or to sign up to help out you can find them easily or if you are looking to find times or anything for your kid or yourself to join you will find that kind of information.
4a  Separate everything out so that if you are looking for something specific you will be able to find it easy, with a different html page for each. Not a lot of jq because we don’t want the page to look to flashy and turn people away. Each page will be designed to meet the users we are targeting.
4b git hub, notepad ++ text wrangler.
4c yea testing it.
5a  Basic design,  a lot of the basic coding done,  any extras we plan on putting on the page ex pictures .  
5b We will be meeting every Monday to work on the project and see how far we all are on different parts and research areas, deciding if we need to meet more during the week to make up for some fo the stuff we are missing, 
5c We do not have all the information we might need all the times and we are all busy people so meeting up all the time might not work the best. If some of us run into errors it might be hard to get through that part. 
6a 	Dan is the meeting Facilitator 
	Hannah Timeline taskmaster 
	Jorden User 
	Kyle Code Repository Coordinator
7a Need more information on pretty much everything, organization, college student helping.
7b We will be writing test code for all the design stuff and everything that we are not sure if it will work out or not.
7c  More information on the kids first, how often they change stuff, who will be mostly using there website.
	

